Hello {{info.name}},

ZuriHac is coming up soon!

First, the most important part: in order to get a good idea of how
many people are attending, we are asking EVERYONE to either CONFIRM
their registration, or CANCEL in case you cannot make it.  You can do
both at the following link:

    https://zureg.zfoh.ch/ticket?uuid={{uuid}}

Confirming your registration will give you access to your ticket, and
canceling will free up space for the people on the waiting list --
thank you in advance!

# Overview

More than 540 people have signed up to meet, code, chat and enjoy good
company with fellow Haskellers from the 14th of June to the 16th of
June at the Hochschule Rapperswil near Zurich.  This is awesome, and
we are very much looking forward to seeing you there!

This email contains some practical information and reminders.  It is
rather long but I promise there are interesting bits in here.

# Accomodation

If you have not yet booked accommodation or travel, now would be a
good time to do so.

As for accomodation, there are two options.  You can either stay in
Zurich, or in Rapperswil itself.  Both have advantages and
disadvantages: there are more things to do in Zurich, but you can save
time and transportation costs by staying in Rapperswil.

For those who travel on a budget; there are two more recommendations:

 -  You can try sharing accomodation with fellow attendees (e.g. on
    Airbnb).  There is an accomodation channel on our Slack chat:
    https://slack.zurihac.info/

 -  If weather allows for it, camping is also a very affordable and
    beautiful option for the ultimate grassroots ZuriHac festival
    fans.  Several people have stayed at this campsite in 2017 and
    2018: https://www.rapperswil-zuerichsee.ch/de/besuchen/unterkunft/camping-im-strandbad-stampf

# Travel

You can take the S7 or S15 to get from the Zurich main station to
Rapperswil.  These trains run regularly in 30 minute and 60 minute
intervals, respectively.  One-way tickets are 17.20 CHF and 24-hour
tickets cost 34.40 CHF.  The latest regular train back to Zurich is at
00:19.  For Saturday and Sunday, there is a slightly cheaper option if
you take the train to Rapperswil after 09:00, which costs 26.00 CHF.

Budget tip: Please note that the 24 hour pass is literally a 24 hour
pass and can be used over multiple days: e.g.  if you buy one on the
first day of the Hackathon at e.g. 9.00, you can still use it to take
the train at 8.00 the next day.  This way, it is possible to buy only
two tickets for the three-day conference.

# Keynotes

The focus of ZuriHac is on hacking and collaboration.  But that
doesn't mean we can't enjoy a good keynote from time to time.  We have
five amazing keynote speakers this year:

 -  Simon Peyton Jones
 -  Ryan Trinkle
 -  Susan Potter
 -  Richard Eisenberg
 -  Andrey Mokhov

In addition to those keynotes, Edward Kmett has agreed to run his
Glorious Hallway Track again.

# Projects

We have published a list of projects attendees are planning to work on
during the Hackathon (https://zfoh.ch/zurihac2019/projects.html).  You
can still add your own project to this list -- instructions are on
that page.

# Tracks

In addition to the Hacking sessions, we have three dedicated tracks:

 -  A beginner course by Ryan Moore
 -  An intermediate/advanced course by Well-Typed
 -  A dedicated GHC hacking room with some talks to help you get
    started

# Get in touch

In case you would like to sync up with other attendees, feel free to
use the following channels:

 -  Our slack team: https://slack.zurihac.info/
 -  The #zurihac hashtag on twitter and our account:
    https://twitter.com/zurihac
 -  The #zurihac channel on freenode IRC

# Sponsors

Organising ZuriHac would not be possible without the overwhelming
support of our sponsors.  Huge thanks for their help -- please check
them out if you have the chance!

 -  Digital Asset: http://hub.digitalasset.com/events/zurich/zurihac
 -  DFINITY: https://dfinity.org/jobs
 -  Fretlink: https://www.fretlink.com/
 -  Google: https://developers.google.com/open-source/
 -  IOHK: https://iohk.io/
 -  Joy of Haskell: https://joyofhaskell.com/
 -  HSR: https://www.hsr.ch/en
 -  Myrtle: https://www.myrtle.ai/
 -  Serokell: https://serokell.io/
 -  Tweag I/O: https://www.tweag.io/
 -  Well-Typed: https://www.well-typed.com/

# More info

We have updated (and will be updating) lots of other sections on our
webpage, such as the project list, how to buy train tickets, and more.
Make sure to have a look before coming to the event:
https://zfoh.ch/zurihac2019/

On behalf of the ZuriHac organisers and the Zurich Friends of Haskell,
Jasper Van der Jeugt
Juri Chome
Farhad Mehta
